I don't know about these three old guys
What are you doing here so late?
The matter of the temporary consortium leader
Nothing will go wrong?
What did the three elders do to arrange the formation of Bumara?
Tomorrow Linfu will remove the wall
We're here to see if everything is going well
Everything went well.
Why wait until tomorrow?
In my opinion, I will bury it casually tonight
The anti-war Liu family is dead
Child, why are you talking about so many rules?
Li Lao said more
This neighbor is really hateful.
while alive
It's closed for the three of us
Dead now
That's very exciting.
Ah, hey, hey, hey.
Evergreen
Now the Lin family is leaderless
But fortunately, you have recruited such a good son-in-law
In my opinion, from now on
You should be the leader of the Lin's consortium
Well, it seems that the three senators are on the same front as me
False alarm
A bunch of wolf-hearted things
My sister is still alive
They actually want to divide up my temporary property one by one
I won't let any of you go
Evergreen, if you become the leader
How should this meat be divided in the future?
We don't have to say more.
Please rest assured.
Evergreen will never live up to your love
Since everyone has this intention
That evergreen will no longer refuse
Three days later at the Yuen Long conference
Evergreen officially saves lives
Since it's so complicated, you don't need it.
Come and become an official
Quick burial tonight